#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-jobs.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
cachecontrol==0.14.3
    # via -r common/requirements.in
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via flask
croniter==6.0.0
    # via -r common/requirements.in
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
flask==3.1.2
    # via -r common/requirements.in
google-analytics-admin==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements-jobs.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.26.0
    # via
    #   google-analytics-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.184.0
    # via -r requirements-jobs.in
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   google-analytics-admin
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.121.0
    # via -r requirements-jobs.in
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.3
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-jobs.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via -r common/requirements.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.31.1
    # via -r common/requirements.in
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-jobs.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.45.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.75.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r common/requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via google-genai
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via flask
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
msgpack==1.1.2
    # via cachecontrol
numpy==2.2.6
    # via shapely
opentelemetry-api==1.38.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.38.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsub
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.59b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-analytics-admin
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==6.33.0
    # via
    #   google-analytics-admin
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.12.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
pytz==2025.2
    # via croniter
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
shapely==2.1.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via google-genai
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   grpcio
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
wheel==0.45.0
    # via -r requirements-jobs.in
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
